.TH pamfingerprint-conf 1 "" "" "PAM Fingerprint"

.SH NAME
\fBpamfingerprint-conf\fP - pamfingerprint configuration tool

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.fam C
\fBpamfingerprint-conf\fP [\fB--help\fP | \fB--add-user\fP NAME | \fB--remove-user\fP NAME | \fB--update\fP NAME | \fB--check\fP NAME | \fB--version\fP]
.fam T
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBpamfingerprint\fR is a free/open-source Linux PAM module that allows biometric fingerprint authentication without entering a password. The standard Unix passwort authentication is set as fallback in case that no fingerprint sensor is connected. The module has to be configured by the \fBpamfingerprint-conf\fR program. It can add or remove users, update fingerprints and check if authentication succeeds.  
.br

pamfingerprint is totally written in python and uses a python framework called pam_python to allow writing PAM modules in python instead in C. Pyserial, a python written library for serial connections, is used for the connection between the sensor and a computer. The sensor is connected with a USB TTL converter. pamfingerprint works with any application supporting PAM, for example su, sudo, etc.
.PP

.SH ACTIONS
.TP
.B
\fB--help\fP, \fB-h\fP
Show summary of actions.

.TP
.B
\fB--add-user\fP
Adds a new user.

.TP
.B
\fB--remove-user\fP
Removes an user.

.TP
.B
\fB--update\fP 
Updates fingerprint for an existing user.

.TP
.B
\fB--check\fP  
Checks fingerprint for an existing user.

.TP
.B
\fB--version\fP
Prints version and exits.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBUsed fingerprint sensor\fR: http://www.adafruit.com/products/751
.br
\fBPyserial\fR: http://pyserial.sourceforge.net/
.br
\fBpam_python\fR: http://ace-host.stuart.id.au/russell/files/pam_python/

.SH FILES
/etc/pamfingerprint.conf
.br
/var/log/pamfingerprint.log

.SH AUTHORS
Philipp Meisberger <team@pm-codeworks.de> 
.br
Bastian Raschke <>

Please send bug reports to one of those mail addresses. Visit www.pm-codeworks.de for more interesting projects.